CPSC 5021 Database System
Team Name: MCAdvising (Micro-Career Advice) Team Leader: Erica (Mengshan) Chen
Team members: Melissa McClure
Nancy (Yue) Zhang

Team Project: Micro-consulting Database
Date: Tuesday, Oct 3, 2017 
Reference: Evisors.com, Airbnb.com

Description
Most consulting websites allow everyday working people to provide career consulting
service during their free time, the so-called micro-consulting concept. 
They are similar to the service Airbnb provides, except that instead of renting their 
house or room, these website let people rent out their time and expertise.
Most current career consulting markets in America are one-directional, 
which is not a good model for a highly flexible, evolving work environment that 
we are heading towards. Therefore, the website not only provides a low-cost and 
high-quality substitute product for the current career consulting market, 
but also builds a community for people who value life-long learning and one- on-one 
teaching experience. It is based on the belief that everyone has something to offer 
someone else, no matter what career stage they are in.

The basic functions for the project implementation include:
(1) User account: A user needs to register for an account to use
MCAdvising system functions. Basic account functions will be provided, 
including registration, sign-in, and profile update. Both consultants and 
those who seek career advice will have a profile.

(2) Query: Those who seek consulting service can search potential career 
consultants that they are interested in based on keywords or filters. 
These may include: type of consulting, location, time slots, contact methods, 
average customer review, language, price, location, industries and so on. 
The query result then lists profiles of all qualified consultants.

(3) Service organization/details: all consultants must list their working experience, 
fields of expertise and related qualifications. Based on the topics and their compelling 
experience, they might also list each service details, ie. price, consulting length, 
location and availability, contact method along with service type, ie. resume critique, 
mock interviews, professional relationship coaching, etc.

(4) Transaction: Buyers book consulting service based on the listed price, 
make payments through a secured system such as PayPal, and consultants will 
receive the payment once service is rendered.

(5) User interaction: A crucial part of the website is the review system. 
Both consultants and those who received consulting services will be reviewed. 
Reviews are available for all members to see.
